Documentation Standard Updates (#88)
fivetran/dbt_shopify: README.md

# Shopify Transformation dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_shopify/))

## What does this dbt package do?

This package models Shopify data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/shopify). It uses data in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/shopify#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [Shopify source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_shopify_source).

The main focus of the package is to transform the core object tables into analytics-ready models, including a cohort model to understand how your customers are behaving over time.

<!--section="shopify_transformation_model"-->

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_shopify/#!/overview/shopify).
> 
> | **model**                 | **description**                                                                                                    |

Author: ```suggestion
The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_shopify/#!/overview/shopify).

| **Table**                 | **Description**                                                                                                    |
```

| [shopify__inventory_levels](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_shopify/#!/model/model.shopify.shopify__inventory_levels)     | Each record represents an inventory level (unique pairing of inventory items and locations), enriched with information about its products, orders, and fulfillments.                        |
| [shopify__line_item_enhanced](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_shopify/#!/model/model.shopify.shopify__line_item_enhanced)       | This model constructs a comprehensive, denormalized analytical table that enables reporting on key revenue, customer, and product metrics from your billing platform. It’s designed to align with the schema of the `*__line_item_enhanced` model found in Shopify, Recharge, Stripe, Zuora, and Recurly, offering standardized reporting across various billing platforms. To see the kinds of insights this model can generate, explore example visualizations in the [Fivetran Billing Model Streamlit App](https://fivetran-billing-model.streamlit.app/). Visit the app for more details.  |

### Example Visualizations

> Curious what these models can do? Check out example visualizations from the [shopify__line_item_enhanced](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_shopify/#!/model/model.shopify.shopify__line_item_enhanced) model in the [Fivetran Billing Model Streamlit App](https://fivetran-billing-model.streamlit.app/), and see how you can use these models in your own reporting. Below is a screenshot of an example report—explore the app for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Curious what these tables can do? Check out example visualizations from the [shopify__line_item_enhanced](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_shopify/#!/model/model.shopify.shopify__line_item_enhanced) table in the [Fivetran Billing Model Streamlit App](https://fivetran-billing-model.streamlit.app/), and see how you can use these tables in your own reporting. Below is a screenshot of an example report—explore the app for more.
```

### Example Visualizations
Curious what these models can do? Check out example visualizations from the [shopify__line_item_enhanced](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_shopify/#!/model/model.shopify.shopify__line_item_enhanced) model in the [Fivetran Billing Model Streamlit App](https://fivetran-billing-model.streamlit.app/), and see how you can use these models in your own reporting. Below is a screenshot of an example report—explore the app for more.

<p align="center">
<a href="https://fivetran-billing-model.streamlit.app/">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fivetran/dbt_shopify/main/images/streamlit_example.png" alt="Streamlit Billing Model App" width="75%">
</a>
</p>

<!--section-end-->

## How do I use the dbt package?

### Step 1: Prerequisites
To use this dbt package, you must have the following:

- At least one Fivetran Shopify connector syncing data into your destination.
- One of the following destinations:

> - [BigQuery](https://fivetran.com/docs/destinations/bigquery)
> - [Snowflake](https://fivetran.com/docs/destinations/snowflake)
> - [Redshift](https://fivetran.com/docs/destinations/redshift)
> - [PostgreSQL](https://fivetran.com/docs/destinations/postgresql)
> - [Databricks](https://fivetran.com/docs/destinations/databricks) with [Databricks Runtime](https://docs.databricks.com/en/compute/index.html#databricks-runtime)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [BigQuery](https://fivetran.com/docs/destinations/bigquery)
  - [Snowflake](https://fivetran.com/docs/destinations/snowflake)
  - [Redshift](https://fivetran.com/docs/destinations/redshift)
  - [PostgreSQL](https://fivetran.com/docs/destinations/postgresql)
  - [Databricks](https://fivetran.com/docs/destinations/databricks) with [Databricks Runtime](https://docs.databricks.com/en/compute/index.html#databricks-runtime)
```
